For the game design, I break it down to several parts:
    1. Splash screen.
       (1) Present the splash image for two seconds.
       (2) Then dialog prompts come out to ask for your name and maximum steps.
    2. Place elements properly in terms of size.
       (1) Button area
       Quit button is 80 * 50, load is 80 * 75, reset is a circle with a radius of 35.
       In addition, the reminder of moving steps is placed at the left side of the area.
       So I draw a rectangle with 150 in height, 645 in width at bottom(keep align with two other areas).
       (2) tiles area
       Each tile is 98 * 98, so I drew a 410 * 410 square to make sure it would be able to place 16 tiles.
       (3) leader board
       I randomly put some names inside the leader.txt and present them in the leaderboard.
       At the upper right corner is the thumbnail.
    3. Run game.
       (1) Default game is Mario and also it is shuffled. I created a function called shuffle() and it would be used
           at the beginning of the game or when you load a new game. It wouldn't be used when you reset the current game,
           tiles presented after reset is ordered.
       (2) Find the blank tile and store its index and position.
           Inside each puzzle set, search for the key whose value includes the string of "blank" inside.
       (3) Differentiate different kinds of clicks.
           i. Button clicks. Clicks fall in the areas of each button and then perform corresponding operations.
              reset: present ordered tiles.
              load: load another game the user chooses. Show warning if it is nonexistent or malformed.
              quit: show quit reminder and end the game.
           ii. Tile clicks. Clicks fall in the slides area and it is adjacent to the blank tile.
       (4) Track number of clicks.
           Counter would add up 1 when it is a valid click(adjacent to the blank tile).
           If the user clicks more than maximum steps, he/she loses, show the reminder, then end.
           If he/she unscrambles the puzzle with steps less than the maximum one, he/she wins the game, shows the reminder, then ends.
           In the meantime, reset and load buttons mean count from 0 again.